Add documentation about Job model behavior (#1533)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

An administrator or user with `extras.change_job` permission can edit the Job to change it to `enabled = True`, permitting running of the Job, when they have completed any appropriate review of the new Job to ensure that it meets their standards. Similarly, an obsolete or no-longer-used Job can be prevented from inadvertent execution by changing it back to `enabled = False`.

### Overriding Metadata

An administrator or user with `extras.change_job` permission can also edit a Job database record to optionally override any or all of the following metadata attributes defined by the Job module or class:

- `grouping`
- `name`
- `description`
- `approval_required`
- `commit_default`
- `hidden`
- `read_only`
- `soft_time_limit`
- `time_limit`

> This is done by setting the corresponding "override" flag (`grouping_override`, `name_override`, etc.) to `True` then providing a new value for the attribute in question. An overridden attribute will remain set to its overridden value even if the underlying Job class definition changes and `nautobot-server <migrate|post_upgrade>` gets run again. Conversely, clearing the "override" flag for an attribute and saving the database record will rever the attribute to the underlying value defined by the Job class source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by setting the corresponding "override" flag (`grouping_override`, `name_override`, etc.) to `True` then providing a new value for the attribute in question. An overridden attribute will remain set to its overridden value even if the underlying Job class definition changes and `nautobot-server <migrate|post_upgrade>` gets run again. Conversely, clearing the "override" flag for an attribute and saving the database record will revert the attribute to the underlying value defined within the Job class source code.
```
